Needs Assessment for Website

1. Who is my client? And why are you choosing him? 
My client is Dr. Jeff Grumley, a mental health specialist and consultant. The client needs a website to showcase his business, referral form, contact information, and resources from his writings and workshops. His website is a form of advertisement for new patients (primarily parents), who bring their children and adolescents to see him for mental health services. He wants parents and patients to access his website for information and resources. Additionally, he wants potential clients for his training and consultation to have access to information and resources about the workshops and coaching he provides for educational and correctional institutions. 

2. What is the purpose of Jeff Grumley’s website?
Jeff wants those who access his website to get to know him, be seeing his face, reading about his years of experience in many different disciplines, and watching videos of him and others informing, teaching and/or demonstrating how to use various strategies (providing information that is helpful to their respective needs). 

3. What specific objectives will the website accomplish? In other words, what problems does the client hope the website will solve?
Jeff hopes that the website offers access to current information about him and his approach to counseling and teaching/consulting, understanding services that can be provided, and a way to contact him for counseling, consultation, and/or workshops.

4. At whom is the website targeted?
The website is targeted to parents and professionals in areas of education and correction (jail/prison correction officers).

5. How does the client plan to measure the success of the new website?
Jeff plans that the new website will have an increase number of patients and clients, and an increase interest in information/resources.

6. If the client already has a website and you are redesigning the site: what issues does the client’s current site have that a redesign will need to address? 
Jeff wants more dynamic, such as video clips. He also hopes to have more resources, by having available, relevant or useful information for seeker's practical use.

What do users think of the current site?
Users think that the current site is better than the last one, but still remains minimal. 

7. Has the client ever worked with a designer before? If so, what kind of experience did the client have?
Jeff worked with a friend, Jim Frazier, previously. He had a mediocre experience, and nothing incredibly beneficial. Jeff said he chose Jim to make a website on the cheap.

8. Can the client provide you with some sample content within a week?
Jeff has some written success stories of people who have taken workshops in areas of education and correction. He would also like to get patients to provide testimonials (if he asked them to) so reviews could be visible to potential clients. He is considering putting videos on his site with glimpses or sections of his workshops. On the other hand, he does have dvd’s that his coworker made so sections of those could be added to the site (if they were editable). 

